hey guys what's going on it's divine
green here and today i'm making a guide
on the high-level runespan 299 this
guide will primarily be based on people
who are already a high level and can do
like I'd say level 8299 we're going to
start out in the high level of runespan
I am NOT going to go and run through how
to get here and how to get to the top
floor because this is primarily a high
level guide and you should already know
how to do so alright so when you get up
to the top you gather all your runes as
normal for this method you will
primarily need a lot of body runes so if
you want to stock up on those get your
water get your earth whatever you'll
cross you'll you'll cross this mist
platform and this is to the east and
then once you go here I feel it'll ever
go I got the slowest one ever um you go
ahead and go north on the vine platform
and if you see anything good along the
way of course stop get it whatever
another small tip is anything worse than
your shifter really don't bother with
any way for this guide we will be going
right here on this spot right now has
blood s Wraith and then one north of it
will have a soul less wreath but this is
the starting out guide for level i would
say 80s so we're going to get bloody
skulls um these are obviously the best
XP on this little island here but this
is what i would do i recommend from 80
to 90 is sit right here at this spot and
you can if there's nothing here and you
don't want to go here and there's
something down here where the shifters
are then go down and grab the shifters
now the way runespan should be played is
you gather your rune essence from your s
rates and then you primarily try to
stick to nodes like this bloody skulls
if you only do experts you're killing
your XP rate getting nodes as fast as
many nodes as you can per hour without
running out of XP you gain well over a
hundred thousand XP an hour
if you were to collect only from s
ruth's you would get maybe seventy
thousand per hour anyway this was our
spot for 80 to 90 runecrafting now
because Greenspan is fairly quick
instead of going north right here if
you're already level 90 you'll come more
east and then you'll cross this platform
now if you're just running here you're
not going to have a Blood Moon so you'll
safe in this blood s Ruth and if you're
planning on staying a while you want to
siphon the body a sound because you need
many body runes for this method so
you'll hop over north and on this
platform right here you have to Seoul s
Ruth and then there are always many
nodes unfortunately this time it's a
shifter anyway if there's nothing good
on this island which is where you'll
primarily stay you can hop over to this
island and there are bloody skulls right
here and this continues our great XP
when the bloody skulls are gone however
if there's if there's any other nodes on
this other platform you'll stay there
you can even search like farther north
and these platforms here are connected
and so if there's something good up
there you see you can just run over and
like a horseshoe shape I beg you and you
could go grab that or there's nothing
here UNICEF in your soul that's worth
and with the Seoul s Wraith they're
actually faster XP than a cosmic node
and so that's why you don't siphon
anything lower than a nature rune all
right here we go we got our undead soul
right here um go ahead and back to
siphon this a lot of people wonder about
the rune sphere and that is a very bad
XP thing it takes forever to find if you
happen to find one that's cool but
they're actually works XP to do than any
of this alright guys I hope everyone
enjoyed and this is the spot where i got
my 90
runecrafting from it is a very good spot
you know if these two are taken or don't
have anything on there you've got your
blood pool up north you've got living
soul you just run in a horseshoe up
there and you can get it very simple and
then return back to this spot once
you've gotten those and there is always
stuff here all right well I hope you
enjoyed and I will see you next time for
another video